How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Viewing the diff helped seeing the bug almost immediately because the diff omitted every line
that wasn't changed since saving the previous version of the game file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

I would be able to revert the file to any previous state in case the latest changes introduced irreparable mistakes.
I would be able to compare two states of the file to see what makes them different, and make an educated guess about
how this difference affected the program.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Pro: I can have better control over the size of my commits, which would allow me to better organize the history of the code changes.
Con: I have to remember to commit the code changes.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git allows to save multiple files in one commit because the files can be related, and must be updated at the same time
to keep the code consistent.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

I can use git log to view the history of the commits in the current repository, and then use git diff to see the difference
between any two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I won't be afraid to break something, because I can always check out the most recent unbroken version of the code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use it to keep track of the changes in my code, propagate my repositories across various machines, and clone the repositories from github.