When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When I want to share my work with other contributors, or when I want to have a copy of my code on another computer.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

It is possible to have collaborators modifying the remote repository. Their changes could break your current unfinished work, so it's better to finish it first, then pull and examine the remote changes, and then update your local code if necessary.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

The difference between a fork and a clone is basically a fork is a detached clone. That is, you can't push the changes you made to your fork to the original repository. A branch is an entirely differnt matter, it doesn't produce another reporsitory, instead creating a logically separated path inside your existing repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Having a copy of the last known state of the remote helps when there is a conflict between the changes made locally and remotely. The last known state helps to merge these confilcts.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I would have to collaborate by email I guess. Or by using FTP and comparing the timestamps on the files. It would probably be much easier to set up something like this, but significantly harder to keep the code up to date.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

When workinh in a separate bacnh I can introduce new features to the code without them affecting the master branch. Additionally, it's easier to submit pull requests when working in the separate branch. Arguably, directly changing the master branch is easier, but not in a collaborative environment.